docs/README.md, before:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [createServer][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]
-   [on][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]
    -   [Examples][6]

## createServer

Creates and returns a express server.

### Parameters

-   `app` **[object][7]** an express application.
-   `options` **[object][7]** an options object. (optional, default `{}`)

### Examples

```javascript
// creates a simple server
var paymentModule = require('iota-payment')
var app = require('express')()

let server = paymentModule.createServer(app)

// Start server with iota-payment module on '/payments'
server.listen(3000, function () {
   console.log(`Server started on http://localhost:3000 `)
})
```

Returns **[object][7]** an http server

## on

This method attaches an event listener.

### Parameters

-   `event` **[object][7]** event name
-   `fnc` **[function][8]** the function which will be called

### Examples

```javascript
var paymentModule = require('iota-payment')

//Create an event handler which is called, when a payment was successfull
var onPaymentSuccess = function (payment) {
    console.log('payment success!', payment);
}

//Assign the event handler to an event:
paymentModule.on('paymentSuccess', onPaymentSuccess);
```

[1]: #createserver

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #on

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #examples-1

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

Commit message:

add options and fix examples

docs/README.md, after:

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [createServer][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]
-   [on][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]
    -   [Examples][6]

## createServer

Creates and returns a express server.

### Parameters

-   `app` **[object][7]** an express application.
-   `options` **[object][7]** an options object. (optional, default `{}`)
    -   `options.mount` **[String][8]** The payment route name.
    -   `options.value` **[Number][9]** The default IOTA value.

### Examples

```javascript
// creates a simple server
var paymentModule = require('iota-payment')
var app = require('express')()

let server = paymentModule.createServer(app, {mount: '/payments'})

// Start server with iota-payment module on '/payments'
server.listen(3000, function () {
   console.log(`Server started on http://localhost:3000 `)
})
```

Returns **[object][7]** an http server

## on

This method attaches an event listener.

### Parameters

-   `event` **[object][7]** event name
-   `fnc` **[function][10]** the function which will be called

### Examples

```javascript
var paymentModule = require('iota-payment')

//Create an event handler which is called, when a payment was successfull
var onPaymentSuccess = function (payment) {
    console.log('payment success!', payment);
}

//Assign the event handler to an event:
paymentModule.on('paymentSuccess', onPaymentSuccess);
```

[1]: #createserver

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #on

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #examples-1

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
